Welcome & Workshop Overview — What Is Agentic AI 101?
AI Agents vs Chatbots — How IDE Agents Read, Write & Act on Your Files
Why We Must Revamp Education — The SCMP Letter & the Kissing Number Problem
Finding a Research Paper with an AI Agent — Live arXiv Search Demo
From Paper to Letter — AI-Powered Brainstorming & Drafting in the IDE
Multi-Tool Workflow — Video Analysis, Chinese Notes & Cross-Platform AI
Telling a Visual Story — PackingStar Data, GitHub Repos & AI Narration
Student Ambassador Panel — Reflections on Learning with AI Agents
Hands-On Demo — A Student Clones a Repo & Writes a Letter with AI in VS Code
Wrap-Up — GitHub Pages, Exam Prep Ideas & Getting Started with Trae